{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15680\viewh20180\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Concept for Nightstalker showcase page
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Other cases that not mentioned bellow should be discussed and agreed with
\b  DtailStudio.com\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf0 Personal License\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 By downloading a resource 
\i ("item" or "file")
\i0   from DtailStudio.com you are being granted a license to use these files for specific purposes under certain conditions. \
Dtail Studio r\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
etains the copyrights to the product\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  and you are required to consent with the following licensing terms.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Rights\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 You have the right to use and/or modify this resource and use it for your personal projects. \
You are not required to attribute or link to DtailStudio in project. (Although it would be nice of you :)\
Dtail Studio will not be responsible for any outcome or claim that may occur during the course of usage of our resources.\
Dtail Studio reserves the rights to change and/or revise the usage policy of this resource at any time.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Prohibitions
\b0 \
You do not have the right to distribute, redistribute, sell, resell, lease, license, sub-license or offer the original file or modified version of the file to any third party.\
You do not have the right to claim intellectual ownership to any of our products, modified or unmodified. \
You do not have the right to claim these graphics as your own in their original state or in altered state.\
For any saleable or resalable web applications or software programs, you should not include our resources as an additional attachment. This will be considered as a redistribution of our resources which is forbidden.\
\'a0\

\b Under no circumstances shall Dtail Studio be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data or profit arising out of the use, or the in ability to use, the materials on this site, even of Dtail Studio or any authorised representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of materials from this site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment data, you assume any costs thereof.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Dtail Studio respects each individual\'92s right to personal privacy. We may collect and use your personal information 
\i (name, e-mail, IP address)
\i0  only to track sales, visits to our website and/or to send periodic e-mails with important updates. We consider the personally identifiable information contained in our records to be confidential and we will not lease, sell or share your personally identifiable information with third parties. \
\

\b\fs40 Terms & Conditions
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 User Agreement
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 By purchasing / downloading any product from DtailStudio.com you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to the Terms and Conditions described below. \

\b0 You are allowed to use the resources according to the Licence Agreement purchased.\
By Purchasing or Downloading any product on this website (DtailStudio.com) you agree to joining Dtail Studio's newsletter.
\b \
If you have any questions please Contact us.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
----\
\
www.dtailstudio.com\
}